hi friends and welcome back to Amanda
muse today I'm coming at you with
something I have just stumbled upon like
three days ago my mind is blown like oh
do you know I'm saying so I had to share
with you guys cuz obviously I share
everything with you guys and why
wouldn't you want to know about this do
you like white teeth check yes do you
like to have teeth that are not so
sensitive check yes do you like to detox
occasionally I mean check cashed heck
yes right like all of us want to do
those things I saw a tweet from Miss
Christy I will include that below she
has a youtube channel and she posted a
picture before and after her teeth with
oil pulling and I was like oh my word I
am all over this what is going on here
so I did a quick google search and much
to my surprise how did I not know about
this like I love coconut oil look I have
done a whole video I'll link it below I
just love this stuff but how did I not
know about oil pulling oh my word so if
you are like me and did not know what
the heck oil pulling was I will share
with you the basics today you can use
either coconut oil or sesame oil the
basics is you take a tablespoon pop it
in your mouth and you swish it back and
forth like so for about 20 minutes 20
minutes is the key factor because what
it does is it's actually a detoxifying
process it pulls all these toxins out of
your mouth into this saliva mixture that
you've got going on it sounds pretty
nasty but it's really not that bad and
you wish it around your mouth coconut
oil is better used if you would prefer
to have more oral type of results so I
suffer from canker sores really bad like
I have a really bad one on my tongue
right now it actually changes my speech
and you probably notice it it's like
right on the side of my time I'm not
going to show you because it's gross but
it really really hurts and if you've
ever suffered from canker sores you kind
of just have to let them go and do their
thing I think it's not contagious but
there's nothing you can do about it so
it really sucks and I get them
occasionally they don't know what
triggers it so when I saw this whole
thing about you know improving your oral
health improving tooth sensitivity i
suffer from pretty sensitive teeth these
days in fact i use sensodyne whitening
and repair toothpaste every day every
time i brush my teeth because they're
that sensitive and
like I would really like to have white
teeth but it's so bad when I whiten my
teeth that literally within the first
five minutes of any type of whitening
product my T's start to like ding they
get really sensitive even in those first
few minutes of any type of bleach
whitening product so I thought I mean
what have I got to lose so I threw a
table spoon in my mouth the other night
and I was wishing and washing and
swishing and swashing for 20 minutes
word for the wise here spit it into a
cup or spit it directly into your
garbage bin do not spit it into the sink
because coconut oil will solidify it
cool temperatures and get clogs things
and nobody wants to go down that road so
garbage pail brush your teeth if you can
with warm water and voila white teeth
they're white on the top than the bottom
because quite frankly my bottom teeth
get a little yellower probably because I
drink a crap ton of coffee I noticed a
whitening difference immediately
following the first time I made my
husband do it too he noticed it I just
finished oil pulling today's today is
day 3 and these are the results I am
really impressed a sidebar some people
are concerned about detoxifying when
breastfeeding and it's not a concern
because it's just from your mouth region
like it's not it's not like a huge body
detox but I mean some people swear
results like hangover cures and all
sorts of amazing things I will leave
some links below because I am definitely
not an expert I've only been doing this
for three days but i just thought i
would share it with you because it's
like this very inexpensive way to whiten
your teeth my main reasons for wanting
to try oil pulling was teeth whitening
improving tooth sensitivity and the last
thing was possibly to improve the health
of my mouth because when I get stressed
I get canker sores and I've had a few
the past few weeks with good reason and
so I'm hoping to see some improvement
there and so far day 3 it's awesome some
people are bothered by the sensation of
coconut oil in their mouth I'm not I
actually like the taste of coconut oil
being let it cook with it I like the
smell it's a very mild flavor and you
will notice that as you swish it and
wash it through your teeth the volume of
liquid in your mouth tends to increase
because your mouth starts to produce
more saliva you know allowing you to
detox rights pulling all this bacteria
out of your mouth do not swallow the oil
not that you'd want to but at the end of
the 20 minutes don't swallow it because
you just detoxed and you
want to put these toxins back in your
mouth so like I said spit it into a
garbage pail and that's the scoop if
you've tried oil pulling let me know in
the comments what you think about it and
if you haven't let me know if you're
going to give it a try and what your
results are I would love to see it you
should tweet me some before and after
pictures I'd love to see it I feel like
my teeth are glowing to be honest
they're like shiny and the cool thing is
after you do the oil pulling your lips
are all moisturize because you've just
been squashing around with coconut oil
so it can't be bad I think it's all good
this practice goes back thousands of
years ki made have made up the thousands
but as part of Indian culture and I
think it's pretty awesome so links below
if you like this video please give a
thumbs up don't forget to subscribe
catch me here three times a week and
also on Facebook Instagram and Twitter
and that's it I'll see you guys next
time bye the point number three is
visiting with friends and family as you
know in from Canada and Malaysia is
pretty darn far from Canada so I don't
get a lot of visits from family and
friends out here and I style so it's
Hannah Swedish kind of tie I just I need
damaged my back to those same like
hurtin